Binary classification is a machine learning algorithm designed to classify data into one of two 
classes or categories. It predicts a binary outcome where the result can be either positive (1) or 
negative (0). 

Logistic regression employs a logistic function which is known as the sigmoid function to map 
predictions and their probabilities. This function transforms any real value into a range between 0 
and 1, creating an S-shaped curve. And then all the features of the data set is taken into a linear 
combination considering the weighted sum of all features.

sigmoid fn h(z) = 1/ 1 + e^-z
if sigmoidğ‘§ â‰¥0.5 â†’class=1
if sigmoidğ‘§ <0.5 â†’class=0

Cross-entropy Loss Function
Cross-entropy loss function quantifies the dissimilarity between the predicted probabilities and the true labels.
    yi is the true class label (0 or 1) of the i-th instance.
    h(xi) is the predicted probability that the i-th instance belongs to class 1.
    m is the number of data instances.

For wrong predictions, cross-entropy increases significantly, when a model makes a confident 
but incorrect prediction, the loss grows rapidly. 

If the true class is 1
If the model predicts that the class is 0, the Loss is high. That means wrong 
predictions provide high loss.  
If the model predicts that the class is 1, the Loss is low. That means correct 
predictions provide low loss. 

If the true class is 0
If the model predicts that the class is 1 (high â„(ğ‘§ğ‘–)), the Loss is high. That means wrong 
predictions provide high loss. 
If the model predicts that the class is 0 (low â„(ğ‘§ğ‘–)), the Loss is low. That means correct 
predictions provide low loss. 

Cross-entropy Cost Function
The cross-entropy cost function  is used to refer to an average of the loss functions over an entire training data.

loss function quantifies the dissimilarity between the predicted probabilities and the true labels. It measures the error for a single data point.  
Cost function is the average if the loss functions over the entire dataset. t penalizes the model more when it makes confident wrong predictions and less when it is uncertain or correct. 

True Positive (TP):
    actually positive and predicted as positive
True Negative (TN):
    actually negative and predicted as negative
False Positive (FP):
    actually negative but predicted as positive
False Negative (FN):
    actually positive but predicted as negative

accuracy = (TP + TN) / All
precision = TP / TP + FN
Recall = TP / TP + FN
F1 = 2*(precision*Recall)/(precision + Recall)


In the One-vs-Rest method, each class is assigned as the positive class, while all other classes 
are considered negative

In the One-vs-One method, both positive and negative classes are defined for each classifier. 
N*(N-1)/2
